so we played with this it's gonna give
you time to get back to this heart
record you're not used to pinky at the
first string at the third fret ring at
the second string the second friend our
third friend I'm sorry first at the 5th
string 2nd fret CMS think ahead and
middle the sixth string at the third
fret that's a G it's what I'll color it
Bob Dylan G so that's a very important
core
and we're gonna do this we're gonna
pluck the sixth boy that hurts six in
the second same time with our middle and
our thumb and then three two so I'm
plucking six in in first with the middle
and thumb first finger plucks that third
middle finger plucks a second so Sam
first finger bucks to 30 and snap three
two that's middle and thumb first middle
first and then that ring finger comes
off of there
and played two three go
those six and one step three - three
ring finger off of another two three
middle and first
now we're gonna do a really nasty
quarter
and few people have classical guitars
you're gonna hate this we're gonna play
like a D chord I'm gonna use your middle
finger at the third string second fret
ring at the second string third fret and
my thumb is gonna go over the top of the
guitar to the sixth string second fret
snap with the six of the two
so after a snap 2 3 2 3 snap 4 3 that
snap is with the middle of the thumb
thumb comes to the fourth first finger
comes up third and the pinkie comes off
to you're waiting first finger at the
second string first fret you go 2 3 4
that's just
middle middle middle and we're using
very natural and easy finger Academy we
don't want to have to get all technical
here because we want this nice and
pretty sound like Christmas so we're
going to just use the easiest fingerings
and see it sound good
and you could do middle-middle first if
you want to or middle first first
whatever is easiest for you I found it
for beginners just to slide that down
snapped in two
step
now we're gonna end up now with a G
chord just a regular G three and six
stamp two three
so snap three and four first finger
plucks the floor
snap three and six I said I mean first
finger plucks it form two three with
middle and first so snap for two to
stamp six and three for two
that's middle and thumb first finger
books to this fourth and then to three
is many first
and we're just gonna put our pinkie at
the second string third fret
so we're gonna plug that with the middle
finger
and we just put our pinkie down
and strum the G chord
see how easy that is so that's silent
night you know if you practice that half
an hour a day you'll have a nice and
easy and good sounding back Christmas
with no trouble all right Merry
Christmas